But also in the 1860s they rebuilt the church.
There was really no church here after the dissolution until about 1680 when John Fowler, who was actively managing the estate for the Fowler family at the Brontrival,
built a church on the little bit of flat land. If you look at the present church there's a little ledge just below the flat land, just below the steps.
And that's where the original church was. The Phillips rebuilt because they had connections with the church and Anna Phillips,
the lady of the manor at the time, was the daughter of the bickerstopport. And he'd been bickerstopport for 47 years, as they did in those days.
And it was rebuilt because they wanted to create a church which had all the features of Anglican revival.
The original church was very simple. If you've been to a little place called Reatham, which is down near Aberdeen, it's just a single room type of church.
Not very big, but very beautiful. And that's what Fowler built. They took that down and built this church, which is modelled on a church in Brittany.
But the inside is laid out, conforms with the thinking of a group of people called Tractarians, who were sometimes just Anglican revival.
What they were trying to do was get the churches back to what they might have looked like before the Reformation.
And everything within it has a significance. And you have the font near the door, which we see. As you get nearer and nearer the altar, the sanctuary, you go up a level.
And so you're getting towards the Holy of Holies. And then you have the sanctuary, which is the baptismal in our church, which was the name focal point of it.
And as you get nearer and nearer, the decoration becomes more elaborate. And it was the great glory, the church's stained glass windows.
The connoisseur of stained glass must be a wonderful find, because the windows at the east end are by a term of glass artists, they would call themselves artists rather than just glass makers, called Heaton, Butler and Bane.
And they were very prolific. And they made stained glass windows to order for Queen Victoria, and they were royal warrants, and they were really worth the tops.
And for the Philips, money was no object. They would make big money out of their mills in Stockport.
The west window, it's a lovely rose window, if we ever get back into it, is by another London glass artist, a company of Clayton Bell.
I think by common consent it is the best west window in Ladinusher, because it's the lovely rose window with different panels.
And you need to go in on a lovely sunny day, and they are absolutely fantastic windows.
So that was all paid for at the expense of the Philips.
We often think of Victorians as being rather altruistic and great restorers of churches which were falling to bits.
There's no evidence that the church here was actually falling to bits, because Thomas Wilson had given it a good overhaul.
But the ulterior motive was pursuing the Anglo-Patholicism, and it was more for religious reasons than altruistic.
We had to do the church up because it's leaking in its drafty. They had a different reason.